So just kinda going forward, I wanted
to leave you all with a few links to
some things that I find particularly
useful, so I've got links here,
I put the slides link in chat,
but we'll publish it as well.
This is the link to the official WCAG
spec, similarly, this WebAIM website,
one of my favorite resources
on the Internet, Microsoft,
has this great inclusive design website.
There's a really cool event called Global
Accessibility Awareness Day, which is like
all these talks from people around
the world on all sorts of great stuff.
And then there's this great front end
master's class that we had talked about
earlier, so Marcy Sutton does this web
app accessibility featuring React.
I think she goes a lot more into
the JavaScript side of accessibility, so
making dynamic React applications
accessible, all right, cool, yeah,
thanks so much, everybody.
I'm available online for any more chats or
in person, and yeah, thanks for attending,
appreciate it.